OSDOCS-3298: Add release note for OVN-Kubernetes as default (#52323)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-12-networking"]
=== Networking

[id="ocp-4-12-ovn-kubernetes-default-network-plug-in"]
==== OVN-Kubernetes is now the default networking plug-in

> When installing a new cluster the OVN-Kubernetes network plug-in is the default networking plug-in. For all prior versions of {product-title}, OpenShift SDN was the default networking plug-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installing a new cluster, the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin is the default networking plugin. For all prior versions of {product-title}, OpenShift SDN is the default networking plugin.
```

- In the above suggestion, I assume Openshift SDN is still the default plugin for prior releases which should still be in present tense.

- `plugin` revision - https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#plugin since this is a new content.

Author: @snarayan-redhat, oops, thanks!

- Support for all existing OpenShift SDN features
- Support for xref:../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/converting-to-dual-stack.adoc#converting-to-dual-stack[IPv6 networks]
- Support for xref:../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/configuring-ipsec-ovn.adoc#configuring-ipsec-ovn[Configuring IPsec encryption]
- Complete support for the xref:../networking/network_policy/about-network-policy.adoc#about-network-policy[`NetworkPolicy` API]
- Support for xref:../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/logging-network-policy.adoc#logging-network-policy[audit logging of network policy events]
- Support for xref:../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/tracking-network-flows.adoc#tracking-network-flows[network flow tracking] in NetFlow, sFlow, and IPFIX formats
- Support for xref:../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/configuring-hybrid-networking.adoc#configuring-hybrid-networking[hybrid networks] for Windows containers
- Support for xref:../networking/hardware_networks/configuring-hardware-offloading.adoc#configuring-hardware-offloading[hardware offloading] to compatible NICs

> For more information about OVN-Kubernetes, including a feature comparison matrix with OpenShift SDN, see xref:../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/about-ovn-kubernetes.adoc#about-ovn-kubernetes[About the OVN-Kubernetes network plug-in].

Reviewer: plugin revision - https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#plugin

> For information on migrating to OVN-Kubernetes from OpenShift SDN, see xref:../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/migrate-from-openshift-sdn.adoc#migrate-from-openshift-sdn[Migrating from the OpenShift SDN network plug-in].

Reviewer: plugin revision - https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#plugin
